hi my name is Gayle Graham like and
we're at the chocolate bar in downtown
Reno Nevada today I'm going to show you
how to make drinks using vodka and coke
so basically you can do the vodka and
coke or vodka and Diet but if you want
to get fancy we can do the cherry coke
so fill the glass of ice one ounce of
vodka
and fill the glass with coke any top it
with some grenadine
that's cherry syrup
and add a cherry and that is the cherry
code you can also do a vanilla vodka
diet a lot of the ladies are doing that
very simple fill the glass with ice one
ounce of vanilla vodka
fill the glass with diet coke and there
you have your vanilla vodka and Diet
Coke also if you don't like diet very
much you can do vanilla vodka and soda
with a splash of coke that way you can
still get a little bit of the coke
flavor but without all the extra sugar
fill the glass with ice one ounce of
vanilla vodka and you can do this with
regular vodka as well
we do soda with a splash there we have
the vanilla vodka and soda with a splash
of coke my name is Gail Gramlich come
see us at the chocolate bar in Reno
Nevada